Add docs for interpreted control flow. (#43)
PennyLaneAI/catalyst: doc/dev/quick_start.rst

executed at runtime, depending of the value of a Boolean predicate. The JAX equivalent is the
``jax.lax.cond`` function, but this version is optimized to work with quantum programs in PennyLane.

> :func:`.cond` can also be interpreted without needing to compile its surrounding context.

Reviewer: Just expressing this in slightly simpler terms for the quickstart :)
```suggestion
Note that :func:`.cond` can also be used outside of the :func:`.qjit` context for better interoperability with PennyLane.
```

iteration. The outputs are then fed back as inputs to the next iteration. The final iteration values
are also returned from the transformed function.

> :func:`.for_loop` and :func:`.while_loop` can also be interpreted without needing to compile its surrounding context.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that :func:`.for_loop` and :func:`.while_loop` can also be used outside of the :func:`.qjit` context for better interoperability with PennyLane.
```
